---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

<b> What did you do this past week? </b>

<p> This past week was not as tiresome as previous weeks, as no real project was assigned to us in this class. The week before this week resulted in the conclusion of Netflix, and this week is more of a prefix to the first exam happening on Tuesday. This week included me studying a good amount for the exam in order to be ready for all of the coding problems that will show up. The class involved some study material and more Python concepts that we had not yet gone over. The first part of next week will also include studying. </p> 

<b> What's in your way? </b>

<p> The only real thing that is in my way this week is the fact that I haven't look at much of the old material that will be on the exam. The newer material is still fresh on my mind however, and I don't think it will be much of a problem to go back over all the material talked about in the first part of the class. Also, I've been studying for other classes and certifications that I should be ready for around the same time as this exam. Luckily, I don't have any other exams this week to study for alongside this one. </p> 

<b> What will you do next week? </b>

<p> Next week will begin with me studying all day for the first exam of the semester. This exam is expected to have 5 coding problems that I should be ready to tackle in a variety of ways. I will go over all of the notes that the professor took, go over the notes that I took, and also go over the study guide that includes concepts and Python syntax that I should be able to recall on the exam. After this, I will wait for the next project to be assigned for this class. </p> 

<b> My experience in the class </b>

<p> This week, my experience in the class has been a very positive one as there has not been too difficult of concepts thrown at us in class. The concepts are more edged towards understanding the programming projects outside of class better. Having us as students walk through the code instead of the professor doing all the talking is very helpful to understand the material. We also talked about the exam a bit in order to prepare for the very soon, upcoming exam. </p> 

<b> Tip-of-the-week </b>

<p> One of the best ways to actually learn programming and software engineering is to practice on multiple problems throughout the day and week. A good website in order to do this is Hacker Rank, as it provides you with many problems with varying difficulty to practice on. It can be found <a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/">here</a> </p>
